focus focus focus office alright so
today we have a box opening on the peach
consits as you can hear I'm not feeling
too well which is why I made videos
lately so it gives you the
manufacturer's warranty how to return
and how to exchange so I'm gonna let it
stay on here for about 10 seconds so you
can read it or you can pause the video
if you want to know more information
about manufacture warranty how to return
or how to exchange
all right so after that ten blocks this
way and we have their promotion right
now which is two to five and the regular
price it set for graphite gray almond or
sage green and what's really nice about
this is they give you the samples with
the colors that are out right now okay
so I look at them the next thing is
whether advertisement patience is calm
and just on the back gives you any
online and store feature and a code for
10% off which I guess you dare for
watching this video
alright so as you can see it's packaged
and this really good like that Halloween
orange cuz it's about to be fall but I
think they use that all the time anyway
cuz it's peaches and then little peach
stickers right here I didn't see that
coming that's some dogs okay hey they're
on sale are advertised up thank you for
shopping peach kimchi it's calm and we
appreciate having it is your customer if
you have any issues or concerns please
contact us immediately and give us a
chance to write things right for you
your purchase is protected by a 30-day
money-back guarantee and a 1-year
manufacturer warranty against any
defects and finish and workmanship we're
only a phone call or email away
important keep arrangements for that's
just how to keep them right let's see
okay so let's turn it around we're
checking this box three or four times in
this video all right
the original peach kimchi calm fits and
there's no calyx right so I'll just saw
comfort and athletic performance
microfiber so what I really liked about
bays was yeah they're basically a
microfiber but they do have some kind of
performance grade fabric as well so
they're not gonna get real hot so just
look at the smart points eighteen deep
pockets anti pilling breathe easy
Thermal control wicks away moisture see
all that lands in Texas is that you can
stay cool
I'm - I generally go spring one on
shrink all right so that's the photo
this is the duvet cover that ordered and
let's get to the back all right more
reasons love our sheets 100% breathable
smart fabric air flow moisture wicking
hot sleeves
anti-pill resistance to fabric balls on
fitted sheets deep pocket fitted for
today's bigger mattresses and when it
gray and high-quality and microfiber
reskin calluses will not snag this is
actually really important and racing
kind of weird for them to put it on here
but if any of you have ever had like
sateen or silk or anything like that
that's like the main thing they do it's
like if you have bad scandal I mean I'm
not seeing a bad skin but if you run a
walk blot or walk a lot or whatever and
you have any kind of calluses or even
your nails can make it snack so this
won't provides 1,500 I'm sad to see you
go guys it wasn't that non sateen I'm
slipping sliding into my foot so no trap
jester pollen easy care wash more warm
and shrink ins dries I mean in 20
minutes
that's very good about it you don't have
to leave it in there forever
it's it's real fast and drying
and then here's the proper care
instructions that says this is that
graphite gray well I want to say another
cool thing about these if you look right
here I got the little little thing on
there next time I'm gonna take one of
those put all my keys
alright so that's first one and second
one okay the same thing when I say the
back of it as well all right so on the
back of these twin set it tells you all
the information better sort of it's just
a small tax but anyway it will give you
the dimensions and whatnot so yeah if
you look at them together these are the
scenes and this is a DeRay so we're
doing really different colors because if
I go to dark with the Saints and to
light with the debate doesn't work and
then if I go to light with the devayne
to dark with the seats don't work this
color is way prettier than it looks on
here in person it's a new one called red
velvet and it's really dark it's I mean
it's really like light it's hard to tell
but anyway so that's both of them
together and that sums up my video and
the only reason why I didn't film it
you know sideways is because it's hard
to do that so there you go so just to go
over it again
Dubey graphite sheets that
I can try that once again either red
velvet I believe you little postcard
with you dogs tells you about how much
they want to help you
there's specials of the month a little
in the picture with the dog again
advertisement special discount and then
to end it all off their warranty they
return and to exchange so I think that's
quite a bit don't seem like most
companies it's like real like quick and
done you know what I mean like they send
you what they send you and that's it
this one they're letting you know the
warranty to return to exchange they want
to make sure that you're satisfied so
that's really good because most
companies aren't that way most companies
once you get your product and that's it
you know what I mean and then you have
these samples you can give to friends
just to fill it or to see the other
colors it's really nice too so and then
this you could really frame this picture
these little puppies if you wanted to
all right so that's our video and we got
it under ten minutes I'm sorry it wasn't
filmed the other way but honestly like I
said if I'd when I try to film like this
it's real hard so maybe for the next one
this is your review not sponsored
obviously and